---
layout: about
title: home
permalink: /
subtitle: Coach Harley Eades

profile:
  align: right
  image: harley-index.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular 

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I have always wanted to be and feel athletic. When I was younger, I loved
skating and skateboarding, so I was outside working on those skills all day
every day. As I got older, and I found myself getting invested in a future with
computers, I spent less and less time outside. The career I was working towards
required long days at a desk, studying and researching for endless hours. It
didn't take too long before I was over 300lbs and profoundly unhappy with my
life. Of course, there were still things I loved and enjoyed, but more and more,
it was food I found comfort in. The youthful bad-eating habits I had as a teen
only grew, and as my weight increased, so did my discomfort within myself.
Unable to tie my shoes, regular back spasms from standing too long, I felt I had
lost complete control over my body; it had grown too big, and I felt powerless
to reverse it. If any part of this sounds like your story, please know, you're
not alone. I lived it. 

I've been so fortunate to meet people along my own personal health journey who
have helped me navigate an overwhelming and confusing fitness arena. Over the
last seven years, I've been able to regain my life and live it the way I've
wanted to: feeling comfortable and capable. Now, I want to help others who feel
like they can't do it. 

I started Worker Bee Fitness to help others who want to change their lives but
might not know how to start or may need help reaching the next level of their
fitness goals. By designing fitness programs tailored specifically to you, we
will be able to focus on the areas you are weakest in, which will result in big
changes. Whether you are just starting your fitness journey or are a seasoned
athlete, Worker Bee Fitness can help you reach your goals. The only thing I
expect from my clients is for them to work hard and give it their best. So join
the hive and let's get to work!